[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I don't know what
I'm supposed to do.
I don't know where
I'm going, and I
don't know how to get there.
And I don't know if
I want to be there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Brighton Dunlap.
I am 28 years old.
I live in Chandler and I work in
the education technology field.
Outside of working, I am
a performer at the Arizona
Renaissance Festival.
And I find a lot of
great joy in just kind
of being able to
be my goofy self
and unleash that
character out on the world
and let other
people enjoy it too.
Aside from that, I like
to do acting, and writing,
and a lot of art pretty
much in any medium.
I will paint.
I will find other
people's art and kind of
cut it up and make
it into a new collage
all of its own mixed in with
something completely new.
I spend a lot of time with
my family and my friends.
Creativity is important to me.
It has actually been one of
the most important aspects
of healing after the loss of my
brother in 2018 and my friend
a few months later.
And it's helped carry me through
the pain of my divorce as well.
And just kind of anytime
that life gets hard,
I find that creating
is kind of what
helps me push it through and
find the beauty in life again
and the gratitude of being here.
My spiritual journey
started about 10 years ago
and it was more
carefree back then.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
2018 is when I lost
my brother, Rick,
due to sudden, unexpected
death in epilepsy.
And life kind of just
lost all of its meaning.
And so the spiritual journey
and, especially, the power
of meditation and getting
to feel his energy
or feeling close to him
again was a big proponent
in keeping going.
And diving down the rabbit
hole a little further,
I found "Journey of
Souls" by Michael Newton.
And as soon as I started
to hear the stories in it,
everything really
clicked and it just
filled me with a sense of peace
and hopefulness and love, also.
It helps reframe the loss if
you can find the growth in it
and the reasons to be grateful.
I think my idea of hypnosis
before was the people on stage
and the person going, and now
you will sound like a chicken
and people were doing it.
And then hearing the case
studies from Newton's book
was like, ohm my gosh.
It's a whole different version
of what I thought it was.
And it's much more
calming and you're
the one that's in
control of the journey.
And I think I
didn't really expect
that to be a big part of it.
So when I started reading
these case studies and learning
a little bit more, we had
a family friend, Hila--
we've actually known
Hila for over a decade--
and I knew that she kind
of did this type of work.
And I asked her if she would be
willing to do a session with me,
and we did.
And my first session was
actually a past life regression
and it changed my
life after that.
And now, we're getting ready to
do a life between lives session.
I'm excited and nervous.
I feel like there's a lot of
grief and pain inside of me
that I'm feeling
vulnerable about.
And I know that this work
always kind of brings it
to the surface, but also
helps you look at it
in much more healing ways.
And I'm just excited
for a lot of the pain
and grief I've been growing
into the last couple of years
to be reframed and
maybe let go of.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Hila
Kedem-Ferguson and I live
and work in Chandler, Arizona.
And I specialize in life
between lives hypnotherapy.
I was born in Israel
and raised there.
And when I was
about 16 years old,
I got introduced to the
book "Journey of Souls"
that absolutely changed my life.
I remember reading the book
and actually remembering
the stories that were in there.
It truly spoke to my soul.
And I knew that one day I'll
get to meet Dr. Michael Newton.
A few years later, I've met my
husband and moved to Arizona.
And one thing led to
another and I found myself
training in life between
lives hypnotherapy in 2011.
We were having a
big staff meeting
and Dr. Newton was actually
present for our training.
And we got to spend a full
week of just connecting
outside the classroom
as well as him
always jumping in and
helping us learn more.
What's really special and unique
in life between life sessions
is that we get to
help our clients
remember who they really are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This is not information
that's being told to them.
It's information that
they themselves remember.
And when you remember the
choices that you made,
even the hard ones, you
get to live your life
in such a way that is so much
more uplifting and so much more
understanding.
And instead of feeling
like it happened to you,
you start remembering that
you chose that, to grow from,
to understand from.
The choice wasn't made from
this life, from this body,
from this consciousness.
The choice was made from your
eternal soul, the being that
is beyond your body.
And so I feel like
it's work that
completely enriches your life.
It gives you not only the tools
to understand why things happen
the way that they
did, but also give you
the tools on how to live your
life with a lot less fear
and a lot more want.
You want to get this done.
You want to learn
what you came here to.
You want to expand and grow.
You want to do your purpose.
And having the
ability to remember
that we are more than just
this life and this body,
that this is just a tiny little
speck in the eternity of who we
are tends to put things in
a perspective for people
that, otherwise, talk
therapy would have never
got them to get.
Brighton has worked
with me in the past.
We've done some work around
past life regressions
and some of the things that she
was dealing with at that moment.
And recently, she's
reached out to me again.
She's actually had some
major, major life transitions
and things going on for her.
And so she really, really
wanted to experience
a life between
lives session where
she gets to understand truly
the reasons for these things
and gain insight as much
as she can from them
so it can help her cope
right now in her life.
I love this work so much
because it connects you
to who you really are and
that everything that you ever
need to know is within you.
It's not outside of you.
It's within you.
And this knowledge is
here, and it's accessible,
and it's here to serve
you and help you.
And I'm just so beyond
grateful to be able to do this.
It's so good to see you.
I'm so happy you're here.
>> I know.
Me too.
>> So I'll kind of let you
start if you have any questions.
And then, again,
share a little bit
of your intention, any
questions you might have.
>> Part of the biggest intention
is to feel some closeness with
my brother, Ricky, and
also with Josephine.
With Ricky, the anniversary
of his death was yesterday.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And it's been five years.
And sometimes, it feels
like a whole other lifetime
since I've seen him.
And missing him that much
is getting really heavy.
So being able to have
some space with him
will be really rewarding.
And then kind of the
same with Josephine.
It's been almost five
years for her too.
It feels kind of
like divine timing.
>> Right.
>> Felt like the
right thing there.
>> Thank you for sharing that.
Anything else that
you feel like you
want to bring into this space?
Anything else that's important?
>> My divorce and the
loss of that relationship,
having invested so much of
myself into building that
relationship and kind
of imagining the future.
And the divorce wasn't
something that I wanted.
And even kind of
at this time, we're
about to do the final
part of the process
with the court hearing.
And sometimes, I'm still
not really sure that it's
what's best or what I want.
But it just kind
of felt like, given
the circumstances, that I didn't
really have any other option.
He just didn't want
to try anymore.
He didn't want to be
in the relationship
and he didn't want
to do the work
to try to salvage
the relationship.
But he also didn't
want to do the work
to end the relationship.
>> That's hard.
>> And he just wanted it to
be up in the air for an amount
of time.
And that was too hard.
Did I make it worse?
Could I have done
different things
to have changed it
and made it better?
>> I'm so grateful
we're doing this today.
There's so many
pieces that I feel
like your soul is kind of
ready to share with you
and for you to remember
and connect with.
And again, I really do
believe in divine timing
and that today is the right
moment for this to happen.
That's absolutely beautiful.
Is there anything going on
physically that you want to scan
or tune into?
Is there anything going on with
your body that you want answers?
>> I do seem to always be
carrying a lot in my neck
and in my shoulders.
And I've been a lot better
with migraines lately.
I haven't had as many.
But still, with the tension in
the neck and shoulders, I think.
>> OK.
So if it comes up, we can
definitely scan that for you.
And is there anything
career wise, anything work
wise that you feel like
you want clarity over?
>> One of those things where
you feel like you already know
the answer, so maybe you just
need to hear it from the higher
self too.
Yeah, like when is time to jump?
>> OK.
I just want you to just take a
moment, just scan anything else.
Just take a breath.
Just notice if
there's anything else.
Your soul knows.
So even if there's
not a question
that you're bringing
up, your divine self
will guide the session.
Your guides will
guide the session.
I always laugh, we come
with this agenda, and all
these questions, and
all these people,
and then they're
like, oh, by the way,
today is all about this.
But I laugh that I'm a
lawyer and the spirit world
and I like to get my
clients what they came for.
And so even if they're going
to focus us on something else,
I want to be able to
be an advocate for you
and bring in the pieces
that are important.
So just again, let's
just take a little breath
and just scan and see if
there's anything else that
feels important or any other
intention you want to bring in.
>> The boundaries.
How do I care for people
that I do genuinely care for
and show them that and help
take care of them when I can?
And how do I know when
that line has been crossed
and it's not time
for me to continue
expanding my efforts there?
>> So in particular, with
people and relationships?
OK, beautiful.
And then if we can put an
intention for today-- again,
I know we moved into
smaller intentions--
but if we can put a
general intention,
what would you like to
get from this journey?
>> I would like to feel love.
>> Oh, I love that, sweetheart.
That's a beautiful intention.
Do you have any questions
about the process?
>> No, I'm just excited
and ready to get going.
>> Cool.
I tell my clients, these
sessions are divinely guided.
So if we skip a step, it's OK.
If you find yourself in soul
space from the safe space,
go for it.
I'm going to be here
to anchor the process,
but you're going
to be leading it.
And so you just let me know
if something else comes up.
Everything that we do today,
it's already inside of you.
You are moving
into your memories.
So even though our
mind really like
this journey of going out,
and floating around, and doing
these things, really,
we're moving in
into your beautiful
soul self that
remembers all of these
pieces and is ready for you
to encounter again, to bring it
back into your consciousness.
If you don't have
any other questions,
we're going to start our ride.
>> Awesome.
>> All right, my babe.
I want you to just allow
yourself to pause on that 12th
step.
And let your bubble
just guide you
to an experience
around that time,
around that age, something
that your soul feels
significant for us
to connect with.
What's the first
thing that comes?
We like to open up a
staircase that represent
each year of our client's age.
And so with Brighton,
I just felt the calling
to pause her at 12 years old.
>> I'm in Morgan's backyard.
The whole world is in the yard.
We can do anything.
We have all this power to
create and it's just natural.
It was like the whole unlimited
scope of our imaginations
was available to us there.
Just that power to create
anything we wanted to be.
Going through the
gate in the front yard
and climbing the tree.
Just to be brave and
jump out of the tree
when it's time to get down.
It's fun and it's faster.
Well, you could try to
climb down the tree,
but it's going to take
longer and you're going
to end up getting scraped up.
And if you just
jump, it's more fun.
Yeah, there's a risk,
but so is just taking
the time to climb down.
Just jump.
>> Anything else?
She found herself
wanting to jump down
and really talking
about being brave
and knowing exactly when
it's time to jump down.
And I really felt
like it was showing us
a piece that would let her show
up when it comes to taking steps
in her life.
Moving into a time
in which you've
lived in a different
body, connecting
into the most
significant lifetime
that your soul would
like for us to touch on,
just noticing the first
thing that comes to you.
>> Water.
My older sister is holding
me as we go across the water.
We went to the other
side of the river.
I'm hungry.
>> You're hungry.
>> And tired.
>> There's water
rushing over me and--
OK, at least, I'm safe.
Somebody has me.
But oh, my gosh, I
have these human needs.
I'm hungry.
I'm tired.
Where are we going?
It's a big group
of us all going.
>> So there's others?
>> We're in a jungle.
>> Jungle area.
Do you have a
sense of your name?
You can just hear
it being called.
>> Ashan.
>> Ashan?
>> My sister is Neema.
>> Neema.
>> Ashan, a four-year-old
boy living in the jungle.
The name came so easily, which
I was kind of surprised about.
I wanted to make the sound.
It was water.
It was bad.
A lot of people got sick.
>> So the water was
what made people sick?
Got it.
As we just take you towards
that last day of life,
what's coming to you?
>> I'm old.
And I want to die in
the woods, so I go.
>> Anything that you're
reflecting on, do you want
to share?
>> The love of my partner.
Love is the strongest
energy on the Earth.
The power of it to heal.
>> Beautiful.
>> I was just an old man kind
of sitting in my living space
by myself.
I remembered thinking about my
family and my wife, my partner,
who had passed already.
I'm laying down,
being pulled up.
Ashan dies slowly and
takes a long time.
I am above, watching him leave
the body, saying goodbye.
>> For Brighton to connect to
a life that was very connected
to loss, but also moving through
that life and reaching old age
and feeling so full with
love and connection,
tied so beautifully to the rest
of her session and her life now,
as Brighton.
Just let me know what
happens once you do that.
>> I'm just in space.
I don't have a body anymore.
>> How does it feel?
>> Warm.
I was in space and
I'm looking down.
And then I don't have a body.
How do I move?
The freedom of movement
is this and it's also
hurtling through space
at the speed of light.
>> What are you experiencing?
>> Now, they're here.
>> Who's here?
>> Everybody.
Rick is wanting to
show me something.
He just, like, moves
his hand and then,
like, a portal of space opens.
And I can see Earth.
Any moment, any
time, any lifetime.
When my brother was showing
me, it was kind of just
like he would move his hand in
space and this window in space
would open up and it would
be like looking through a TV
screen.
And you could see the lifetime,
or inside of the thoughts,
or inside of the feelings.
It's the 12 year old.
It's the I'm in the
backyard and the world
as everything I
imagine it can be.
We were talking and now we're
giving each other a hug.
Enjoying this
space close to him.
>> Yes.
I want you to take all your time
you need with that, sweetie.
>> Brighton feels
like she needs help.
>> OK.
What way does Brighton
need help with?
>> I don't know what
I'm supposed to do.
>> It's OK.
We're here to allow that
voice to come through.
Let Brighton just come
through right now.
Bring her into the
space for a moment.
>> I don't know where I'm going
and I don't know how to get
there.
And I don't know if
I want to be there.
>> In her earthly
life as Brighton?
Yeah.
It's OK.
Let it all in.
All of that confusion and
loss, let it through right now.
Sometimes, when
clients ask for help,
it just means that
they're kind of feeling
pulled into their
consciousness and they just
need help connecting.
But she meant it in a deeper way
that Brighton, as the person,
needs help to
break through this,
to really understand what to do.
Her future self came through
and really showed her
what life is going to look
like past these struggles.
What are you sensing?
>> It just feels like me.
It's the me that's
already been through it.
>> What is she here to tell you?
>> She's holding her hand out.
She just looks happy
and she smiles at me.
She said, you are ready to keep
stepping into the vulnerability.
She just reminded me I can look
to any moment past, present,
or future.
A reminder that it can be
done and there's something
beautiful about doing it.
I'm always wanting this
grand, ethereal being
that's going to come
help me and knows
me better than I know myself.
But it turned out
that it was just
the me who's gone through it and
that that's my greatest asset.
>> What advice does
she have for you?
>> She gave me a notebook.
Like how you gave Brighton
a notebook at the beginning
and told her to sit off to
the side and take notes.
>> Is she showing
you writing, then?
>> She wasn't showing me, but I
opened the book and I thought it
would be empty.
But then every page,
there's, like, love letters
from the people I love.
>> That's beautiful.
>> They're all
different lifetimes.
>> So it's a notebook
full of love letters.
>> Opening that journal up and
finding that it was actually
love notes, and I
couldn't read it.
It was all different languages.
All of my soul mates from all
the lifetimes over everything
and all those different lives.
I asked to feel love.
And that was-- yeah.
I'm in a circle.
Everybody and their family.
But they're here this time
again because they love me.
>> What else?
Open up.
>> This is exactly how it
was supposed to go with Sam.
>> What's coming
to you about that?
>> Just that how we were
accidentally hurting each other.
And I know he didn't mean it.
It's OK.
If it had continued
on what it was,
the hurt would have been so much
so much deeper because we're
just trapped in this spot of we
don't really know who we are.
And the ability to separate
and become who we are
is how it was supposed to be.
>> Just keep expanding.
Just notice what other
knowings are coming to you.
>> I am love.
>> I want you to
really feel that.
>> It's the one
thing I always feel.
>> The one thing you
always feel, and that is?
>> Love.
>> She really allowed herself to
fully merge into her soul self,
experiencing this expansion,
moving fully into her vibration
of love, being love,
who she really is,
that limitless spirit as well
as seeing earthly Brighton.
Is there any advice
you want to give her?
>> Any time she hears
something, or sees something,
or someone does something,
creates something in a moment
of vulnerability that
helps someone else.
>> Yes.
>> Talking about your life and
what you've been through is
a pretty big act of
vulnerability and helps give
other people that moment
of security for them to go,
I feel like that, too.
And it's OK.
And I'm not alone.
>> Are we still
part of that circle?
>> We are.
And I was gonna say
goodbye and they were like,
it's not a big deal.
>> Yeah.
And I want them to help
you understand why they're
saying it's not a big deal.
>> We forget when
we're in human body.
They're always right there.
They're always there.
>> So it's not really goodbye.
>> It's not a big deal.
We're here.
We were here before
you showed up.
We're still here
after you leave.
We're here waiting on your
sidelines all the time.
>> Since Josephine
wasn't necessarily a part
of the circle, is it a good
time for us to connect to that?
>> She's busy.
>> Anything else
coming with that?
>> I know where to find her.
>> You know where to find her?
>> I'm just giving
her an energy hug.
Josephine?
Like, waiting for her to come.
And I'm like, she must
be busy or something.
I know where to find her
if I really do need her.
And that's when I think I
just kind of felt myself
traveling through space
and swirled around her
and then went back
up to my area.
Feels like I'm moving
through all of space.
There's just colors.
>> And as you do that, I
want you to just open up
to your unique
vibration and, perhaps,
even allowing a name
to come through,
just the closest equivalent,
who you really are.
>> Iahli.
>> I want you to say
that again for me.
>> Iahli.
Souls hold unique vibrations.
And when you bring forward that
name, something really magical
happens where you anchor that
little piece of the infinite you
into the physical you.
>> I think that means I
know better how to connect
specifically with that
state of being love.
I can call her by her name now.
She's so good at feeling.
>> Brightness?
Yeah.
>> She wants boundaries.
>> Yes, let's open up to that.
>> We're still
learning this one.
>> Tell me more.
>> Love has no boundary.
Your love for yourself has to be
equal to your love for another.
Otherwise, your
boundaries won't work.
>> There is a need to have
the love for yourself equal
for the love that you share.
By being aware of that, you can
increase the love for yourself
and therefore create
that healthy boundary.
Is there any advice we can
give her about her body?
>> Put the stuff on a shelf.
If you're going to carry
it around with you,
you don't have to
carry it all the time.
>> And will she know when
it's time to let go of it?
And that would help the
neck and the shoulders?
>> She carries too much.
You like to peel back those
windows and look at everything,
but you never close them again.
Experience it, and observe
it, and let it happen,
and let it move through.
>> So letting it move
through versus carrying?
Brighton came with
some physical stuff
around her neck and shoulders.
And she realized
that it's connecting
to just carrying things around
and providing a shelf, a place
to rest the things
when you need to.
And then, eventually, move into
your wisdom and let things go.
Is there anything else you
want to show her or remind her
while we're in this space?
>> Just because there is a pain
doesn't mean the joy or the love
is undone.
It all serves a purpose.
And even though it's not happy
doesn't diminish what it was
or how it felt.
I think, sometimes,
it's really easy
to get stuck on the loss of a
brother, the loss of a husband.
But I had a brother
and I had a husband,
and those things were really
beautiful while they were there.
>> Is there anything important
that she needs to hear about her
career?
>> It'll be pretty obvious
when it's time to jump.
>> OK, so she'll
know without a doubt.
And so does it feel
like today is complete?
>> I felt the most
overwhelmingly blessed with love
that I think I have
ever felt in my life.
And I'm going to tuck that
experience away and remember
that I can pull it out any time.
>> How long do you
think this was?
>> An hour?
>> Two hours and 23 minutes.
I am so grateful that she
received those messages,
that she got what she
needed, that she really
was able to feel love.
Really gotten everything
that she asked for.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's been two weeks since
my session and I feel great.
Life has been just as
busy as it was before,
but I feel a lot more
calm and at peace
and ready to handle anything
that life could throw at me.
I feel a very deep sense of
connection to my brother,
especially.
And having passed that time of
the anniversary of his death
and not feeling quite so angry
or upset about it because I
got to have that
connection with him.
I feel like a large
part of my journey
was wanting to know
answers to how do I do this
or what do I do next.
And the answers that I got
back and the reassurance
that I got back was that it's
OK if you don't know how.
That's kind of what the point
of being here and doing this is.
I also feel a greater sense
of connection, and joy,
and love in everything around
me and all of my relationships,
and not just needing it
from a romantic partner.
Thank you so much,
Hila, for my session.
I definitely had a
journey into my soul.
Moving forward, I know
that I can handle anything
that life throws at me
with patience and grace.